hey guys I'm going to tell you how to do
this little glitch i found almost so you
see how my team brilliant at a big plus
but i'll show you what i did so see I
made it to an ultra rare but it can be
an epic plus so what you want to do is
you see all these people so you want to
make it down to like safe here in like
an epic see if you're an epic then you
want to give epics so this is what you
want to do you want to do this to win
your games just do your like normal
lineup to win your games and then let's
go into a game let's just do any game
let should do this one and then say you
want all you needed it's really easy so
you want to get you things like this and
it's like you're gonna lose still but
you're still going to get a profit but
like so you can win your games like this
so you can win a game like this so
you're going to win it with your easy
guys and then when you want it epic just
get a whole bunch of pics with your easy
guys and then switch your guys into your
epic team epoch plus so when you get a
whole bunch of pics you'll be able to
get an epic plus for just using them
ultra rare or super rare team so I'll
show you in a minute okay so you just
see I just beat the guy now you see how
i have two pics and i'm an ultra rare
see that ultra rare now i'm going to
swipe out of it and i'm going to go back
in it once i do this it should then I
should change my team again and once I
change making it should it's going to be
an epic plus I don't just lose the game
show you what you can do so you can so i
can show you what to do and all that so
we'll go to my team so let me do my best
lineup
senator I don't really have anybody so I
just you soon and this is my lineup this
is what a gala these are the people I
use so let's wait till it's done booty
and then okay so this is what you want
to do and after this you want to go just
lose the game it doesn't mean doesn't
mean anything you can lose the game
won't really matter so just lose a game
when the game it doesn't really matter
and now you can do this as many times
with your easy guys as you want so I'm
just try to lose a game you might i'm
going to use my good guy so let's just
use my bad players and hopefully they'll
beat me I'll just use my English player
wears play okay so as you can see i just
lost right now oh I didn't mean to do
that okay but I still lost so after I
lose see how it says I got three pics
with that one loss so I got I got two
pics from the winning with that team so
now I get two extra pics like an easy
win so you can get pics with your epic
team so all you need to do is just lose
the game or when it depends on what you
want and then you get extra pics for
winning with your easier team see now if
I I could now I have a chance to get an
epic player and then what i did it i
could have got an ultra rare player but
now it makes it where i can get in that
pic player i hope you guys enjoyed don't
forget to Like subscribe and see you
guys later